feat: add event_metadata parameter to EventBusProducer send API (#152)
openedx/openedx-events: CHANGELOG.rst

Unreleased
----------

[3.2.0] - 2022-11-30
--------------------
Changed
~~~~~~~

> * Add event_metadata parameter to EventBusProducer send API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add event_metadata parameter to EventBusProducer send API. **Note:** This parameter cannot be used until the caller also upgrades to a version of openedx-events that supports this parameter.
```
...and we probably want a matching comment in the openedx-events changelog about updating implementation libraries.

Reviewer: Sorry, just realized that this *is* openedx-events. Updating suggestion...

Author: I adopted the idea of the suggestion but used somewhat different wording that I think is more accurate. LMK what you think.

Reviewer: Yeah, seems fine.

> * Add event_metadata parameter to EventBusProducer send API.  **Note:** Calling this method with the new argument will throw an exception unless the EventBusProducer implementation used also upgraded to support the argument.

Reviewer 2: Nit: I think you are saying the following? If so, maybe this comment is more clear? You be the judge.
```suggestion
* Add event_metadata parameter to EventBusProducer send API.  **Note:** Calling this method with the new argument will throw an exception with older versions of this library that don't yet support the parameter.
```

Reviewer 2: I reviewed the wrong PR. :)
